change the doc structure to align with mkdocs (#694)
kube-burner/kube-burner: docs/cli/index.md

This is the main subcommand; it triggers a new kube-burner benchmark and it supports the these flags:

- `uuid`: Benchmark ID. This is essentially an arbitrary string that is used for different purposes along the benchmark. For example, to label the objects created by kube-burner as mentioned in the [reference chapter](../reference/configuration.md#default-labels). By default, it is auto-generated.

> - `config`: Path or URL to a valid configuration file. See details about the configuration schema in the [observability chapter](../observability/alerting.md#configuration).

Reviewer: There was an errata here, the link should point to the reference chapter, same as the other link you fixed
```suggestion
- `config`: Path or URL to a valid configuration file. See details about the configuration schema in the [reference chapter](../reference/configuration.md).
```
